AIM :- Write down the problem statement for a suggested system of relevance. 
 
1) LIBRARY MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
PROBLEM STATEMENT:- 
A college library management is a project that manages and stores books informaƟon electronically 
according to student’s needs. The system helps both students and library manager to keep a constant track 
of all the books available in the library. It allows both the admin and the student to search for the desired 
book. It becomes necessary for colleges to keep a conƟnuous check on the books issued and returned and 
even calculate fine. This task if carried out manually will be tedious and includes chances of mistakes. These 
errors are avoided by allowing the system to keep track of informaƟon such as issue date, last date to 
return the book and even fine informaƟon and thus there is no need to keep manual track of this 
informaƟon which thereby avoids chances of mistakes.
Thus, this system reduces manual work to a great extent allows smooth flow of library acƟviƟes by 
removing chances of errors in the details.
 
2) HOTEL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
PROBLEM STATEMENT:- 
A hotel system manages informaƟon about rooms, reservaƟons, customers, and customer billing. A 
customer can make reservaƟons, change, or cancel reservaƟons through the hotel website. When a 
customer makes reservaƟons, he/she needs to check if a room the customer want to reserve is available. If 
a room is available, the customer enters his/her informaƟon to the system and receives a confirmaƟon 
number from the web site. 
A desk clerk checks in a customer with only a prior reservaƟon, change the checkout date, and check out 
the customer. A room is assigned to the customer at check-in Ɵme and a customer billing record is created 
at that Ɵme. The customer billing record is updated every night at 12. When a customer checks out, the 
desk clerk prints the bill. A customer can pay by cash, check, or credit card when he/she checks out. 
 Develop the use case diagram showing actors and use cases for the hotel system. 
 Describe Reserve Room use case using the template for use case descripƟon.
State your assumpƟons as needed.
